Streaming By ARCloud Api
I've obtained two ingredients
of the Sacred Life Elixir.
Just one more.
The Purified Blood of the Demon King.
I want to be certain
to get my hands on it.
My level has increased well
in the demon fortress.
But officially,
I remain E-rank.
To continue evolving,
I must participate
in higher-ranked raids.
Okay, the comedy has gone on long enough.
I can no longer hide my power.
I'm going to get my rank re-evaluated.
Those who wish to
have their rank evaluated, come this way!
I wonder
if the fishing will be good today.
He looks like a C-rank.
And he looks like an E-rank.
Let's see...
Baek Yunho speaking.
Here's Hyun Gicheol!
What is it?
He's here!
What? Are you joking?
It's him, I swear!
The Hunter Sung
has come for a re-evaluation!
Well, please follow me.
Okay.
I'm coming right away.
No need to stress.
The evaluation only takes an instant.
I need to get a good rank
to make money
and get back my daughter
and my wife who left me.
Look at that.
With a D-rank or higher,
these recruiters
will try to enroll you.
Everything will be fine.
Unless you're E-rank,
it'll work out.
"Unless you're E-rank", huh?
Next!
I'm coming.
What's your name?
Sung Jinwoo.
– This is for a re-evaluation?
– Yes.
The evaluation system
hasn't changed.
Place your hand
on the black sphere.
Huh?
An error?
Please try again.
Okay.
This is strange...
Hey! Is there a problem?
Boss!
Something's wrong.
No matter how I try, it's not working.
What? Let me try.
You see? There's an error.
Boss?
This is not
a system error...
It's impossible to evaluate him!
What? I don't understand.
His power
exceeds the limit
of our detector!
But then...
Yes!
He is the 10th South Korean
to obtain S-rank!
What about the ant wing case?
The corpse is being analyzed.
We will compare
the collected data
with the data
we already possess.
The results will be available
in some time.
Good.
Things have been hectic
lately.
I've heard about the red portal.
Someone outside
the White Tiger Guild
apparently defeated its boss.
Who was it?
I was present that day,
but not until the end.
I don't have the details.
Too bad.
Huh?
There's a commotion in the hall.
Probably a hunter
dissatisfied with their evaluation.
I'll go see.
I'll accompany you.
I'm curious
about what's happening.
He exceeds the limit?
Seriously? Is that possible?
I've never seen this before...
Of course! This has only happened
nine times before!
But then... this guy
is the 10th S-rank hunter?
Okay.
Mr. Ahn was right!
I can't waste time!
We will update
your license.
Is there a problem?
Hey, look!
It's Choi Jongin,
the Hunter Guild Master!
So this is him,
the flame master,
the one they call
"the Ultimate Weapon"?
I owe my previous nickname to him.
I see...
Now I understand the commotion.
Nice to meet you! I'm
the Hunter Guild Master,
Choi Jongin.
Do you already have a guild in mind?
How about we discuss a bit...
Sorry, I don't have time.
– What...
– He ignored Choi Jongin?
Tell me, Mr. Woo,
I did introduce myself properly, right?
Yes, I can confirm.
My arrogance will be my downfall.
Hunter Sung...
Was he really S-rank?
He left without a trace.
An assassin type?
President Baek?
President!
I see the type.
The White Tiger Guild
is far from here.
He must have rushed here.
This proves Sung Jinwoo
is worth it.
So this was him,
the mysterious savior
of the red portal.
Choi Jongin?
He's the last person
I wanted to know about this...
She seems like
she could wake up at any moment.
Just wait a little longer, mom.
I understand
that I was completely wrong.
The Surveillance Department
observes hunters
and sanctions those
who break the law.
I thought I was good
at judging individuals...
The Department is watching me?
Not as a potential criminal.
We are the only ones
who can control hunters.
Well, even we
can't do anything against S-ranks.
There's someone
who wants to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Go Gunhee, president
of the Hunter Association.
First, I congratulate you
on awakening to S-rank.
What?
A more precise evaluation
isn't of much interest.
The result obtained today
proves you are S-rank.
Why force me to do it, then?
When they ask you
to retake an evaluation?
It's to buy time.
So we have the opportunity
to approach people like you.
To my regret,
we don't have many
exceptional hunters.
The lure of profit and the fame
of large guilds work against us.
Woo Jincheol, right here,
is one of our best.
Despite that, he's A-rank.
I'll get straight to the point.
I would like you
to join our ranks.
I'll offer you an important position
in the Association.
Why go to such lengths?
It's hunters
who now protect this country from monsters,
not the government.
At the heart of this system
are the five major guilds.
These five powers struggle
to maintain equal footing.
If you join one of them,
the balance will be broken.
We are the only ones
who can control them
and maintain order in this country.
And my help is useful?
You are more than capable.
Especially since I'm getting old...
What do you say?
It's an attractive offer.
A position in the Association
is like opening the path to success.
The government,
the mass media...
In my opinion, President Go
has influence everywhere.
Plus, he is very powerful.
He's the first S-rank in this country.
His mana is incredible, not to mention
his stature at 80 years old.
He remains stronger than me,
even though I've worked hard
to gain power.
Certainly,
if I accept this proposal,
my life will change.
Hunter Sung?
Sorry, but I refuse your offer.
Money comes first...
I'm thirsty for battle.
You mean
you want to fight monsters?
Exactly.
My place
is inside the dungeons.
This is incredible...
His eyes are screaming the truth.
It's been a long time
since I felt this.
I didn't know my heart
could still beat so strongly.
If I were 20 years old
or even just ten years younger,
I would have loved to fight alongside him.
Very well.
I can't force your hand.
Since my sister is home alone,
I'll take my leave.
Thank you for giving me
your time.
When I learned that even an S-rank
can do nothing against age,
I really fell from high.
I don't mind, but I can't really hold my liquor.
I don't care.
I wonder if he likes alcohol.
The Association mainly handles D to E rank dungeons.
I need to quickly gain levels to treat my mother.
I can't stay stuck.
I still have more in store!
What do you want from a loser like me,
deputy director?
I wanted to ask you a question.
This man, Ilhwan Sung...
are you sure he's a monster?
Do you think a human can do that?
He is nothing more than a monster.
Very well.
I wish you a good recovery.
When you're feeling better,
come to the office.
Where did he go?
We are searching for him,
but it's unlikely
that we can capture a man
capable of beating you.
Damn!
I forbid you
from approaching my family.
I'm saying this for your own good.
Even in death,
you won't be able to escape me.
The humiliation is total!
Haunting me, even after death?
Does he think he can intimidate me?
I know where he's going.
I just need some equipment.
I'll get some artifacts
and crush him!
The artifacts.
Even if they are
artificial relics,
for hunters,
they are unimitable quality equipment
from the greatest artisans.
Online, you can find plenty,
now that the number
of hunters has exploded.
But why does it cost an arm?
I want to equip myself properly
for the demonic fortress.
There was nothing useful
in the shop.
The Orb of Avarice can be given.
I should be able to sell it.
The best available artifacts
offer a 20 to 30% increase
in statistics.
This orb can double
magical damage.
That should be worth a good sum.
But I would have to explain
how I obtained it.
That would certainly cause a stir.
If I had a rank A raid
in my history, maybe,
but how can I join such a raid
as a rank E?
They're recruiting people!
These records are from four years ago?
He looks like a child
in this photo.
Could he be a rank fraudster?
He has brushed with death
many times.
That's unlikely.
I see that he held on,
despite his repeated injuries.
He acts to pay for his mother's hospital
and his sister's school expenses.
In other words, he supports
his family.
Young people like him are rare
these days.
By the way,
he would have joined
a Hunters raid.
Were those just empty words?
He couldn't resist the lure of gain.
According to the report,
he joined a team of miners.
- Miners?
- Exactly.
This boy
is totally unpredictable.
- You're rank E?
- Yes.
Have you ever mined?
No, never.
Oh, you're a fighter? I'm not worried
about your physical condition.
There are plenty of people like you here.
Relax,
everything will be fine.
Thank you.
These large-scale raids
require work distribution.
The attack squadron
takes care of the monsters.
Miners are responsible
for extracting crystals.
Finally, the collection team
recovers the corpses.
Many personnel,
for a huge profit.
I imagine they're busy.
Step back, please.
I don't like being blinded,
but there's no choice...
Tanks, take position.
Your turn.
I held back,
to avoid carbonizing
and rendering their corpses useless.
I've eliminated
all enemies in the area.
We can proceed.
Be careful of the burning smell,
you with the developed sense of smell.
The attack squadron is back!
They've already cleaned up,
except for the boss?
I sensed his incredible aura
when I crossed paths with him yesterday.
But leaving such a dungeon
without a scratch
proves how skilled he is.
Oh, the second-in-command of the Hunters
is also present!
This woman...
She's the vice president
of the Hunters
and the 9th S-rank hunter
in the country.
Cha Hae-in,
nicknamed "the dancer".
Incredible...
How many people in this world
emit such an aura?
I sensed an extremely heavy presence.
Did I hallucinate?
For an instant,
I thought Mr. Go was here.
It disappeared
in a fraction of a second.
His senses are really sharp.
Alright, guys! Get to work!
After the attack,
it's time for the miners
and collection team.
Ho! Heave!
There's a bit of slack here!
Mana waves
are emanating from the end of the corridor.
They must be coming from the boss
of this A-rank dungeon.
He's more powerful than Vulcan or Metus
from the demonic fortress.
I want to go there.
I'd like to check the power
of an A-rank boss.
Did you hear?
The newbie is rank E.
Rank E? Seriously?
The boss has lost his mind!
Rank E hunters get the same treatment
wherever they go...
Anyway, it'll be over soon.
Hey, get to work!
Don't just stand there!
Can't you see it's narrow,
so...
I...
Go at your own pace, actually.
Is he really rank E, this guy?
Boss,
are you sure he's rank E?
Yes...
He's incredibly strong.
I have the feeling
that Hunter Sung
is a gift from heaven.
Well, let's take a break!
It's snack time!
Sung, you coming?
I'd like to finish this zone.
As you wish.
Don't go too far from here, okay?
Okay.
Finally alone, damn!
This is the perfect opportunity!
I have about an hour.
Let's take a look.
Is this the boss's lair?
I was right, he's stronger than Metis.
I'm aware that I must not defeat him...
otherwise, the portal will close.
That would cause huge damage to the Hunters.
However,
nothing stops me from poking him a bit.
What are you doing here?
I asked a question.
Translation: Alexandre Mureau
Adaptation: Kiddo Maxx
Spotting: Clément Hautavoine
Proofreading: DW512ZC